VIDEO OLYMPICS

by ATARI
c 1977


Use your Standard Paddle Controllers with this ATARI(R) Game
Program(TM).  Be sure the Controller cable is firmly plugged into the
jack at the rear of your ATARI Video Computer System(TM).  For one and
two player games, plug the Paddle Controllers into the LEFT CONTROLLER
jack.  For three and four player games, you  will need an additional
set of Paddle Controllers.

Note: Always turn the console power switch OFF when inserting or
removing an ATARI Game Program.  This will protect the electronic
components and prolong the life of your ATARI Vide Computer System.

PONG(R)
-------

Pong(R) is played much like tennis.  Using a Controller, each player
rallys the ball by moving the paddles on the playfield.

Paddles move only vertically on the playfield.  When one player
controls more than one paddle, all the paddles move together in unison. 
If there are two players on one team, the second player's paddle will
be striped.  Each team's paddles are color coordinated with the scores
at the top of the playfield.  The right hand score refers to the right
Controller player or team; the left number shows the left Controller
player or team score.

A player or team scores one point when the opponent hits the ball out
of bounds or misses a hit.  The first player or team to score 21 points
wins the game.

The last player or team to score always serves the ball.  Serve by
pressing the red Controller button after waiting at least one second
after the point is made.  If there are two players on one team, either
player can serve.  In Robot Pong, the computer always serves the ball
to the player...who lost the point.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------
NOTE: In two-player games, plug your standard paddle Controllers into
the left side of the Console.  Each player will have a solid paddle on
the playfield.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------


ROBOT PONG(TM)
(One-player Gamer)

One player controls the right paddle and competes against the left
paddle controlled by the computer.


PONG(R)
(Two-Player Game)

Two opposing players each control one paddle.

PONG(R) Playfield [Image of the screen.  One orange paddle on the left
side, and one green paddle on the right side.]


PONG(R) 4
(Four-Player Game)

It's a double game of Pong with two players on each team!  Each player
controls one paddle.  Try playing zones with your partner.  You cover
the upper half of the playfield while your partner plays the bottom
playfield half.

PONG(R) 4 Playfield [Image of the screen.  Two orange paddles on the
left side of the screen, and two green paddles on the right side of the
screen.]